NARRATOR: After battling his
way to the Kalos League finals,
Ash is now in the midst of a
heated battle against Alain,
his talented and
formidable opponent.
PIKACHU: [THUNDERBOLT MOVE]
CHARIZARD: [PAINED]
ANNOUNCER:
Thunderbolt is super effective!
But Charizard is still standing!
ASH: All right,
Pikachu, use Quick Attack!
PIKACHU: [EXHAUSTED]
ALAIN: Use Flamethrower!
CHARIZARD: [FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
PIKACHU: [PAINED]
ASH: Pikachu!
ANNOUNCER:
Uh oh! Pikachu isn't moving!
BONNIE:
I hope Pikachu's all right
DEDENNE: [AGREEMENT]
CLEMONT: Its last
battle wore Pikachu out.
ALAIN: Charizard, fly up!
CHARIZARD: [AFFIRMATIVE]
ASH: Get up, Pikachu!
PIKACHU: [STRUGGLING]
ALAIN: Use Flamethrower!
PIKACHU: [DETERMINED]
CHARIZARD: [FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
ASH: Now, use Iron Tail
and aim it toward the ground!
PIKACHU: [IRON TAIL MOVE]
PIKACHU: [PROUD]
ALAIN: That was impressive.
Use Dragon Claw!
ASH: Use Iron Tail!
CHARIZARD: [DRAGON CLAW MOVE]
PIKACHU: [IRON TAIL MOVE]
ASH: Pikachu!
PIKACHU: [STUNNED]
REFEREE: Pikachu is unable to
battle! Charizard's the winner!
ANNOUNCER:
That's it! Pikachu is defeated!
Now both Trainers
have two Pokémon left!
ASH: Are you okay, Pikachu?
PIKACHU: [TIRED]
ASH: Thanks so much.
You were just awesome!
Now leave the rest to us.
CHARIZARD: [PLEASED]
ASH: Oh we're just
getting warmed up.
I stand tall
'Cause I know I'm a winner
Knock me down
I'll just get up again
You've met your match
Yeah, I'm no beginner
Pokémon
Gotta catch 'em all!
I stand tall 'cause
I know I'm a winner
Pokémon
Gotta catch 'em all!
MALVA: Hi. Here is an update
from the Kalos League finals.
MALVA: Alain's Charizard
has beaten Ash's Pikachu.
JESSIE:
Come ON, what is Pikachu doing?!
MEOWTH: Stomping all over
our feelings, that's what.
JAMES: Since when are you
two cheering for the Twerp?
MEOWTH: Since we decided
we don't like this!
JESSIE:
The Twerp's our rival, not his!
If he loses to anybody,
it'll be us, not him!
JESSIE: From now on,
we're the Twerp's cheerleaders!
JESSIE/JAMES/MEOWTH: Rah!
BONNIE: I can't believe it.
Pikachu worked so hard,
but it lost.
DEDENNE: [SAD]
TREVOR: Alain's last Pokémon
are Charizard and Bisharp.
SAWYER: But remember,
Alain's last two Pokémon
have been battling really hard.
CLEMONT: On the other hand,
Ash's last two Pokémon haven't
even been in a battle yet.
You could say Ash
has the advantage!
SERENA: Yeah. He'll be fine.
When I see Ash grinning
like that, I just know it!
MAIRIN:
Come on, you can do it, Alain!
ASH: Goodra, I choose you!
GOODRA: [APPEARING]
ALAIN: Charizard, return!
ANNOUNCER: And Charizard's
out of the action!
ALAIN: Bisharp, let's go!
BISHARP: [APPEARING]
ANNOUNCER: There they are!
Ash is using Goodra,
and Alain is using Bisharp!
ASH: First, we'll fix up the
battlefield. Use Rain Dance!
GOODRA: [RAIN DANCE MOVE]
ANNOUNCER:
And now Goodra's making it rain!
ASH: All right, use Ice Beam!
GOODRA: [ICE BEAM MOVE]
ALAIN: Dodge it and
then use Iron Head!
BISHARP: [IRON HEAD MOVE]
ASH: Block it!
GOODRA: [EFFORT]
ASH: 'Kay, t it, Goodra!
BISHARP: [SHOUTING]
ASH: Use Dragon Pulse!
GOODRA: [DRAGON PULSE MOVE]
ALAIN: Focus Blast!
BISHARP: [FOCUS BLAST MOVE]
BISHARP: [EFFORT]
ALAIN: Iron Head, let's go!
BISHARP: [AFFIRMATIVE]
ASH: Use Bide!
BISHARP: [IRON HEAD MOVE]
GOODRA: [PAINED]
ASH: Goodra , are you all right?
GOODRA: [AFFIRMATIVE]
BISHARP: [EFFORT]
ALAIN: Focus Blast!
BISHARP: [FOCUS BLAST MOVE]
GOODRA: [CONFIDENT]
ANNOUNCER: Goodra's hanging in!
Will Ash's strategy
turn out to be the best one
going between our
two competitors?
ALAIN:
Go around it! Then Iron Head!
BISHARP: [DETERMINED]
GOODRA: [SURPRISED]
BISHARP: [IRON HEAD MOVE]
GOODRA: [PAINED]
ASH: Use Bide!
GOODRA: [BIDE MOVE] BISHARP:
[SHOCKED]
BISHARP: [WEAK]
ALAIN: Bisharp, are you okay?
ANNOUNCER:
Ash unleashes a counterattack,
and Goodra overpowers Bisharp!
SEVIPER/BEEDRILL/PINSIR/WOOPER/
QUAGSIRE/SWANNA/LOTAD/BEEDRILL/
FLORGES/BELLSPROUT/FLOETTE:
[EXCITED]
ANNOUNCER: Well done, Goodra,
for enduring those
unbelievable attacks!
MEYER:
This sure is an exciting battle!
MEYER: I wish I could have
somehow made it to the stadium.
You, Clembot?
CLEMBOT:
I'm right with you on that.
ALAIN: Iron Head, GO!
BISHARP: [IRON HEAD MOVE]
BISHARP: [PLEASED]
GOODRA: [WEAK]
ASH: Oh no, Goodra!
ANNOUNCER:
That was a potent strike!
Could be trouble for Goodra
ALAIN: Now use Guillotine!
BISHARP: [AFFIRMATIVE]
ASH: Come on, Goodra,
Dragon Pulse, let's go!
GOODRA: [WEAK]
GOODRA: [DRAGON PULSE MOVE]
BISHARP: [DISMISSIVE]
BISHARP: [GUILLOTINE MOVE]
GOODRA: [PAINED]
BISHARP: [CONFIDENT]
PIKACHU: [SHOCKED]
REFEREE:
Goodra is unable to battle!
Bisharp's the winner!
ANNOUNCER:
Bisharp has defeated Goodra!
BONNIE:
I feel so bad for Goodra
SAWYER: One Pokémon left
SHAUNA: Which means Ash
is down to his last chance.
SERENA: Good luck, Ash
ASH:
Thanks, Goodra. You were great.
ASH: Let's win this together.
Go, Greninja!
GRENINJA: [APPEARING]
MALVA: So Ash has finally
brought out his Greninja.
MALVA: Greninja will
be Ash's final Pokémon
of the Kalos League. If they
lose, Alain will be the victor.
JESSIE:
Who does she think she is,
talking like Greninja's
going to lose?!
MEOWTH: Come on. Chill!
The more the
Twerp's under pressure,
the more the Twerp will
beat the pants off of Alain!
JAMES: Correct. After all
JESSIE/JAMES/MEOWTH: We're the
ones who whipped him into shape!
ALAIN: Now! Bisharp,
give it everything you've got!
BISHARP: [CHALLENGING]
ASH: Let's do it, Greninja!
GRENINJA: [DETERMINED]
ALAIN: Use Iron Head!
BISHARP: [AFFIRMATIVE]
ASH: Now, Double Team!
GRENINJA: [DOUBLE TEAM MOVE]
BISHARP: [IRON HEAD MOVE]
ASH: Water Shuriken!
GRENINJA: [AFFIRMATIVE]
BISHARP: [EXERTION]
GRENINJA: [WATER SHURIKEN MOVE]
BISHARP: [STARTLED]
ALAIN: Bisharp!
BISHARP: [STUNNED]
REFEREE:
Bisharp is unable to battle!
REFEREE: Greninja's the winner!
ASH: All right!
GRENINJA: [PROUD]
SERENA/BONNIE: They won!
SAWYER: That's it! The rain!
SERENA:
What are you talking about?
SAWYER: I mean rainy weather
powers up Water‐type moves.
CLEMONT: Wow! Goodra's lingering
Rain Dance is helping Greninja!
Good call.
SERENA:
It's a relay with Goodra.
It's a true group victory!
ALAIN: Charizard, let's go!
CHARIZARD: [APPEARING]
ANNOUNCER: Here comes Charizard!
Both Trainers are
using their last Pokémon!
This will be the
deciding battle!
CHARIZARD: [ROARING]
ALAIN: Charizard? It's the
battle we've been waiting for.
Let's enjoy it all the way!
CHARIZARD: [AFFIRMATIVE]
ASH: Know what, Greninja?
We couldn't ask
for a better opponent!
Let's give them
one hundred percent!
GRENINJA: [AFFIRMATIVE]
ASH: Okay, Greninja, run!
GRENINJA: [EFFORT]
ALAIN: Go, Charizard!
CHARIZARD: [EFFORT]
ALAIN: Use Flamethrower!
CHARIZARD: [FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
ASH: Dodge it, quick!
GRENINJA: [EFFORT]
ASH: Now, Greninja, use Cut!
GRENINJA: [CUT MOVE]
CHARIZARD: [PAINED]
ANNOUNCER:
Greninja nails that Cut!
Charizard's definitely
feeling it
ANNOUNCER: The rain stopped!
How will it affect this battle?!
SAWYER: That's all for
Goodra's Rain Dance assistance.
CLEMONT: Still, remember
Greninja has the type advantage!
SERENA: It'll be fine.
Ash will definitely win!
ASH:
Let's show them how, Greninja!
GRENINJA: [CONFIDENT]
ASH:
Alain. I We're not gonna lose.
We're putting everything we
have into this. Count on it!
ASH: Greninja!
GRENINJA: [RISING YELL]
ASH‐GRENINJA: [CONFIDENT]
BONNIE:
There it is! It's Ash‐Greninja!
DEDENNE: [EXCITED]
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE:
This is marvelous!
JESSIE, JAMES, MEOWTH: YAY!
ALAIN: Thanks Ash.
I was waiting for you to
give me a full‐power battle.
ALAIN: Now, lift me to an
even higher level of battling!
ALAIN: Okay, then This is it!
ALAIN: All right,
respond to my heart, Key Stone!
Beyond Evolution! Mega Evolve!
CHARIZARD: [MEGA EVOLUTION]
MAIRIN: Oh please, Charizard.
Help Alain win this!
ANNOUNCER: Fantastic!
Alain's Charizard
has Mega Evolved!
And this battle will decide who
will be the Kalos League winner!
ASH/SERENA/CLEMONT/BONNIE:
"Who's that Pokémon?"
"It's Bisharp!"
ASH: Run, Greninja, go!
ASH‐GRENINJA: [EFFORT]
ASH: Use Double Team!
ASH‐GRENINJA: [DOUBLE TEAM MOVE]
ALAIN: Flamethrower!
Get rid of the fakes!
MEGA CHARIZARD X:
[FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
ASH: Now use Water Shuriken!
ASH‐GRENINJA:
[WATER SHURIKEN MOVE]
ALAIN: All right, Dragon Claw!
MEGA CHARIZARD X:
[DRAGON CLAW MOVE]
ASH: Aerial Ace!
ALAIN: Dragon Claw!
MEGA CHARIZARD X: [AFFIRMATIVE]
ASH‐GRENINJA: [AERIAL ACE MOVE]
MEGA CHARIZARD X:
[DRAGON CLAW MOVE]
ASH‐GRENINJA/ MEGA CHARIZARD X:
[BATTLING]
PIKACHU: [WORRIED]
ALAIN: Flamethrower, go!
MEGA CHARIZARD X:
[FLAMETHROWER MOVE]
ASH: Cut, let's go!
ASH‐GRENINJA: [CUT MOVE]
ALAIN: Now Blast Burn!
MEGA CHARIZARD X:
[BLAST BURN MOVE]
ASH: All right, Water Shuriken
at the ground!
ASH‐GRENINJA:
[WATER SHURIKEN MOVE]
NARRATOR:
They stopped that Blast Burn
with a Water Shuriken!
I've never seen a
battle like this before!
ASH: Aerial Ace!
ASH‐GRENINJA: [AERIAL ACE MOVE]
MEGA CHARIZARD X: [IMPACT]
BONNIE: Go, go, go, Ash!
Go, go, Greninja!
DEDENNE: [CHEERING]
ALAIN: Are you okay, Charizard?
MEGA CHARIZARD X: [AFFIRMATIVE]
MAIRIN: Alain sure is
enjoying his battle with Ash
ALAIN: Thanks, Ash.
It's because of you that I'm
finally having fun lots of it!
I'm having more fun
battling against you
than I've had in
such a long time.
I'm grateful to you for
letting me feel this. However
ALAIN:
I have to be the strongest one!
I can't lose to anyone again!
Charizard! Use Dragon Claw!
MEGA CHARIZARD X:
[DRAGON CLAW MOVE]
ASH‐GRENINJA: [EFFORT]
PIKACHU: [WORRIED]
TIERNO: Wow. Powerful!
TREVOR:
They're still hanging in there.
ASH‐GRENINJA: [STRUGGLING]
ASH: I'm having an awesome time
being able to battle such a
strong Trainer like you, Alain!
But this is gonna be over soon
ASH: Whoever wins,
no hard feelings, okay?
So, look out!
For a full‐powered attack!
Greninja, use Cut!
ASH‐GRENINJA: [CUT MOVE]
ALAIN: Charizard, Dragon Claw!
MEGA CHARIZARD X:
[DRAGON CLAW MOVE]
ASH‐GRENINJA/MEGA CHARIZARD X:
[BATTLING]
ASH: Water Shuriken!
ALAIN: Use Thunder Punch!
MEGA CHARIZARD X:
[THUNDER PUNCH MOVE]
ASH‐GRENINJA:
[WATER SHURIKEN MOVE]
ASH‐GRENINJA, MEGA CHARIZARD X:
[BATTLING]
NARRATOR: Greninja's
blocking Thunder Punch
with a Water Shuriken!
Such intense combat!
ASH‐GRENINJA: [EXERTION]
MEGA CHARIZARD X: [PAINED]
ASH:
Ready for more? Water Shuriken!
ASH‐GRENINJA:
[WATER SHURIKEN MOVE]
ALAIN: Now Blast Burn!
MEGA CHARIZARD X:
[BLAST BURN MOVE]
ASH‐GRENINJA:
[WATER SHURIKEN MOVE]
ASH‐GRENINJA: [PAINED]
PIKACHU: [WORRIED]
REFEREE: Greninja's unable
to battle! Charizard wins!
Alain is the Champion!
MEGA CHARIZARD X: [TRIUMPHANT]
ANNOUNCER: It's over!
After multiple fierce battles
during the Kalos League's
final round,
Alain clinches it big‐time!
CHARIZARD: [HAPPY]
ASH: They're strong. Wow
PIKACHU: [AGREEMENT]
BONNIE: Poor Ash lost.
DEDENNE: [SYMPATHETIC]
TIERNO: What a crying shame.
SHAUNA: And the battle
was so close, too.
SAWYER:
It was a great one, though.
CLEMONT: Right. It was a
very Ash‐like battle, too.
SERENA: Ash has a smile on
his face. Of course he's proud.
He gave that battle
everything he possibly could.
ASH:
Great job, Greninja. Thanks.
GRENINJA: [APOLOGETIC]
ASH: Don't be sorry.
I'm grateful to have a
team as strong as you guys.
PIKACHU: [AGREEMENT]
ALAIN: Ash Thank you very much.
ASH: Thanks to you, too.
Our battle was just
about as fun as it could get!
MALVA: This battle
really has no winner or loser.
What it has are the
joyous faces of two Trainers,
smiling after a
hard‐fought match.
JAMES: I am completely
beside myself with awe!
MEOWTH: That battle
was the genuine article!
JESSIE:
Who cares about beating Twerps?
All I care about is NOW!
MAIRIN: Alain, you were awesome.
You should be proud!
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE: Alain
I hope you were you able to find
what you've been looking for.
TIERNO: Ash! That was a
truly spectacular battle!
I couldn't believe it.
ASH: Thanks, Tierno.
I'm sorry if I let you all down!
SAWYER: Stop! We all know
you did the best
you could possibly do. And you
know that's what it's all about.
CLEMONT:
Ash, Alain was really strong!
And, Charizard just
kept hanging in there.
ASH: Yeah. I wanna keep
meeting more and more Trainers
and Pokémon and
become a lot stronger.
And that's just
what I'm gonna do!
Right, buddy?
PIKACHU: [AGREEMENT]
ALAIN: Both of us
grew from that battle.
And Ash made it all possible.
ALAIN: Let's go and gather
a little bit more
Mega Evolution Energy.
Almost there.
B CORE: [FRIGHTENED]
XEROSIC:
All preparations are complete.
It's time to begin!
B CORE: [DISTRESSED]
DIANTHA: Alain?
DIANTHA:
You've created a strong bond
between you and your Pokémon.
As a Trainer, you've
displayed unparalleled strength
through a number of
challenging battles.
I applaud you.
ALAIN: Thanks so much, Diantha.
ASH: Alain!
ASH: Congratulations!
MAIRIN: I'm so happy!
Of course these
tears are happy tears.
Hey, Lysandre? Don't you
MAIRIN: Where did Lysandre go?
B CORE: This is why
humans are so are so EVIL!
SQUISHY: [QUESTIONING]
SQUISHY: [WORRIED]
XEROSIC: Lysandre?
Our research is finally
about to produce results!
LYSANDRE:
Zygarde, the time has come.
Show me your power!
Do it NOW!!
B CORE: Humans are foolish
They must disappear!
All the human fools on
this planet must disappear!
LYSANDRE: The curtain's up.
And the spotlight's on
my greatest work of all!
B CORE: [CALLING]
MEYER: What's going on?!
LYSANDRE: Anything and
everything on this planet
is about to be reborn.
Reborn as a beautiful world!
PIKACHU: [SURPRISED]
PROFESSOR SYCAMORE:
What is that thing?!
DIANTHA:
What in the world's going on?!
SERENA: What?!
SQUISHY: [FRANTIC]
BONNIE: Squishy, stop!
Where are you going?!
CLEMONT: Bonnie, come BACK!
NARRATOR: The Kalos League
has been disrupted
by an unexpected incident
of major proportions.
What is Zygarde's power?
And what is Lysandre
trying to achieve?
ZYGARDE 50%: [ROARING]
NARRATOR:
as the journey continues!